and irregular buildings and threaten a beach in florianópolis
Santa Catarina
the place is one of the oldest colonies of fishermen of the region
the beach of quarteira was applied to many years by the businessmen hamas
I want the name of the place
in those calm waters that most reminds one of anglers anglers guarantee a touch
Their families keep their cash box covers 50 km
canoes the study shows that the profile of customers
ex employee
betis al-ahli that these specialists the phenomenon that drives the routine of
cuiabá
arildo berdun by the director mariana tavares a second action
source of income
at the end of the day equipment and vessel are stored within the
midwives near the peak and minutes and chris nicholson dozens of houses
I do not have any along the beach.
but many of these not josiel who are losing the regional characteristic
irregular constructions with the beach landscape is still
known as one of the oldest colonies of fishermen on the island of santa
the federal public ministry wants to know the reality from near and
convened a meeting with anglers and
Osmar
after woods gave way to masonry houses
What is prohibited?
the federal prosecution I want the operation could be used only
boat are actually cold from fishermen who have lost their
ads misrepresented
today many of them have been used as the months of July and a half ahead with
it was already built the income of sanitaristas that one could not even
do in a female beach area existed from the mini tour class ends
these areas do not study the possibility of another
area to relocate the new 'houses' that will count as a standardization already
there is a default template
be made by the push that already have some time '
with more than 20 countries forming the face destroyed scene in the bay south there
in the bay
the line and it's these boys that you want to install here
fishermen will be notified and will not have 20 days to
present the defense
to be entitled to the new hauls they will have to prove that they survive the
fishing activity
although they recognize that some shacks are irregular
fishermen and stressed the need to know the right term to ensure
on-site stay